(Hidden Crime Team)
Relax.
I'm not here to fight.
You'll regret it
if you keep on being so mad.
If you're not here to turn
yourself in for killing Ddak Ji,
get out.
Really?
Should I really go?
I...
came to file a report.
The real culprit...
behind the Odong Blowfish House case
from 10 years ago.
(Episode 29)
I feel very sorry to trouble...
the daughter of Chairman Jin
and make her clear my table.
Why did you call me back?
Since we got caught
by Inspector Park,
I know that our deal is off.
Yes, the deal is off.
But it's because we found
the autopsy report,
not because of Inspector Park.
You guys are so lucky.
It must've been difficult
to find it.
We're just good.
And you're going down.
We found the evidence,
so Lee Kwang Ho must've
gotten furious.
Now we can re-investigate
Odong Blowfish House murder case.
Is that so?
I don't care about that.
I guess you're thirsty.
Do you want some water?
Not only will you clear my table,
but you'll also bring me water?
Sure. I should drink water
after a meal.
Please bring me water...
in a bottle, not from a dispenser.
A bottle of water,
please.
Lieutenant Jin.
Officer Kwon. Where is Sergeant Kim?
He's at
the National Forensic Service...
with Inspector Park for an autopsy.
Good work.
Wait. You aren't busy, are you?
No.
Then let's get Jang Pil Sung's
statement together.
You go ahead first.
I need to get a drink.
Okay.
You didn't poison it, did you?
You'll find out, won't you?
How much of it should I believe?
It's too bad
if you don't believe me.
What's the reason?
Why all of a sudden?
Officer Oh, hurry.
It's an emergency.
Come with me. Hurry.
I killed him.
Yes. This is
Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency.
Aren't we there yet?
We should've arrived there by now.
We should've.
What happened?
Did this happen
after he drank water?
Yes.
You should calm her down.
This is a crime scene,
so you can't be here.
Let's go.
Goodness.
Jin Young.
Jin Jin Young.
That water bottle,
did you bring it to him?
Are you sure?
Yes.
I got it from a vending machine...
Excuse me!
Then that man could've
switched the bottles.
He couldn't have.
He's a part-timer at the cafe.
A part-timer?
Let's go.
Are you okay?
(To report a crime, call 112.)
What happened?
What's this? What's going on?
So you bumped into that part-timer
and dropped the water bottle.
Is that all?
Yes.
Did you see the man's face
who attacked you?
No.
- Inspector Park.
- Yes.
I think he looks like him.
Hurry up.
- Plug it in.
- Okay.
His physique and movement
look like the part-timer's.
But we can't see his face,
so we can't pin him.
If that really was the part-timer,
that'd be shocking.
He's been working at the cafe
for a long time.
I can't believe
he's on Lee Kwang Ho's side.
Shouldn't you go to the hospital?
It's okay, sir.
No, go after work.
No, it's okay.
And that jerk,
I'm going to catch that guy
no matter what.
Of course. He undermined
the governmental authority.
You should have
your wife and Kang...
- under protection.
- I already put in a request.
To whom?
What's going on?
It's nothing.
Then why
in the middle of the night...
Did something bad happen?
Are we in danger?
No.
Just in case.
It's just a precaution.
I came because
they're short of hands.
Su Chil will explain everything
when we get to the agency.
Don't worry about it
until we get there.
Are you sure Jang Pil Sung died?
Yes. He became paralyzed
right after he drank water.
When I checked,
he stopped breathing.
It's strange. They should've left
the body there if he was dead.
Why did they take the corpse...
when it was a perfect chance
to frame you?
I'm asking myself the same question.
Maybe Gook Su Ran came here
because...
Was she here?
Yes.
Hey.
We were just about to go see you.
Are you shocked after finding out
the results?
Yes, kind of.
By the way, what was it
that Jang Pil Sung drank?
It's something similar to
potassium cyanide.
It paralyzes your muscles as soon as
you drink it.
That's what it does to you.
It even paralyzes the muscles in
your respiratory system.
And that's why he couldn't breathe.
I also found some small,
needle-sized holes on the bottle.
That means the chemical was inserted
from outside.
I guess that means Jang Pil Sung
is dead.
I guess so. But it's so weird.
Lieutenant Jin.
You don't know anything about this,
do you?
- No.
- I'm sure you don't.
I've been working with you
for years now.
So I'm sure...
you didn't know anything about this.
What exactly are you trying to say?
Well, the concentration
of the chemical...
wasn't exactly enough to kill him.
Of course, this may differ according
to each person.
But judging from his weight,
that amount is just enough to
allow him to breathe...
even if his whole body is paralyzed.
And if he's given an antidote,
he might also be able to live.
Are you saying he might not
be dead right now?
The entire ambulance went missing.
I guess that means they were trying
to save him and take him away.
Who in the world would do that?
- How did it go?
- We got him out safely.
He's quickly getting better.
But why did you suddenly
change the plan?
I heard Manager Lee gave orders
to kill him.
The situation has changed.
Where is Jang Pil Sung right now?
How do you feel?
What do you think you're doing?
What do you think? I just saved you.
Manager Lee...
just gave orders for
Jang Pil Sung to be killed.
So?
I think the Backup Team
will be on it.
Call them for me.
Okay.
It's Gook Su Ran.
There's been a change of plans.
You were really close to dying,
but you must not be that grateful.
You were supposed to get me out
by law, not by force.
Do you expect me...
to stay hidden until I die?
What's important right now is for
you to at least stay alive.
I'm not even sure if this
is going to help me stay alive.
If you went against Manager Lee's
orders in order to save me,
I'll end up dying one day
even if I'm still alive.
He'll kill me easily.
That's why...
you need to choose.
Are you asking me to...
betray Manger Lee?
Yes.
Do you even have a weapon?
I'll only...
be able to tell you once you decide
who you're going to side with.
Even if you decide not to
side with me,
I won't be cheap enough...
to tell the cops that you're here.
So you can decide comfortably.
[Kocowa Ver] E29 Doubtful Victory "I'm Here to File a Report"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What do you want from me?
Odong Blowfish House.
You were in charge of that case.
So I'm sure you have other documents
other than the autopsy record.
Have you come to a decision?
There's no need to choose.
You saved my life when
Manager Lee tried to kill me.
How much does Manager Lee know?
What do you mean?
I'm asking if he knows that
you saved me.
Whom did she save?
I'm sorry, sir.
Are you sure?
- Did she really save Jang Pil Sung?
- Yes, sir.
The whole plan was carried out
by her men.
So the only person who had the
authority to change the plan...
was Chairwoman Gook.
- Where is she right now?
- I can't get a hold of her.
She must have some kind of
secret plan.
She'll be here soon to
either make a deal...
or to threaten me.
Why do you think
she's being like this?
Do you think it's because of
Young Min?
We'll be able to find out soon.
Don't you think you're being
too laid back right now?
If she turns on you,
she might become your biggest enemy.
Do you think I don't know that?
I'm sorry.
What is the police doing?
They're trying hard to find him,
but I'm sure it's going to be hard.
I really don't know
much about him...
apart from him name
and phone number.
He was always quiet, and he
never really talked about himself.
And I never asked because I figured
he might not want to talk about it.
Was that part-timer's name
Lee Kyung Jae?
Yes.
But that won't be enough
to find him, right?
No.
Because it's all fake.
Remember the resume he handed in?
Everything starting from his school
and address are all fake.
His cell phone was also
a cloned phone.
Have you ever noticed anything...
weird about him?
No.
He was a really diligent worker,
and he was never late.
I see.
Did he do something...
really bad?
Yes.
I'll tell you specifically
in detail next time.
Where's Chul Gi?
He left as soon as he dropped us off
saying that he had to go somewhere.
I see.
Are you crazy?
How could you plant a mole
near Cha Kyung?
Didn't you already know that...
we take care of things
very meticulously?
That's why you couldn't disobey us.
So...
who else is there?
Who else do you have near her?
There's no one else.
Really?
Do you expect me to believe that?
Until when are you going to do this?
You guys have nothing to do
with me anymore!
You must not get what's
going on right now.
Things aren't quite the same.
You and I aren't enemies anymore.
What are you talking about?
I guess you haven't
heard about it yet.
I went to Kim Jong Sam earlier
and told him...
something really important.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Kind of.
What were you doing?
I need to go home for a while.
By the way, Chul Gi called.
I think he found something out.
He said everything will be fine.
I'll be right back.
I know you're busy.
You can keep working.
- No, it's okay.
- Bye.
- Come on.
We should go home too.
When are you going to tell me?
- What do you mean?
- Why did...
Gook Su Ran come?
I'll tell you tomorrow.
You need to rest first.
Let's go.
Why did you call instead of
coming inside?
Hey, what's going on?
What did you hear from Gook Su Ran?
I guess you met her.
I heard she told you about the
Odong Blowfish House case.
I...
came to file a report.
(Odong Blowfish House)
The real culprit...
behind the Odong Blowfish House case
from 10 years ago.
Who are you?
You are Gook Su Ran, aren't you?
I'm Prosecutor Joo Sung Woo.
Mr. Lee is in there, isn't he?
You came to the wrong place.
There is nobody by that name.
Someone up there likes me.
So this is
where he enters and exits.
I was hoping to meet with Mr. Lee,
so I had been waiting
in front of the restaurant.
Then I had to pee.
So I came around the back.
And I saw you, Mr. Lee's right arm,
open this door.
Do not worry. I'm...
a huge supporter of Mr. Lee.
Also my father-in-law is...
I came here to ask him a favor
in person.
I'd like to request
a district attorney position.
It seems like
you heard a rumor that isn't true.
There is no Mr. Lee here.
You should leave.
Come on. You can't just
take my money and ignore me.
You've used a lot of
my father-in-law's money.
But you never answered.
So I waited all this time
on this cold day.
You've got the wrong place.
Please leave...
Sir.
I don't think
I need to ask him a favor.
Don't worry. I didn't see anything.
My service to you, Mr. Lee.
How much should I believe?
I'm not sure.
The story is very detailed.
Anyway, if her story is true,
that means Gook Su Ran
turned against Lee Kwang Ho.
I think she did.
That's why she took Jang Pil Sung,
so they can betray
Lee Kwang Ho together.
Why all of a sudden?
Why did she turn against him?
Be straightforward with me.
Why did you save Jang Pil Sung?
You tell me first.
Where is Young Min?
Where? He's getting interrogated.
Not that Young Min.
The one you adopted publicly.
Are you...
Young Min's mother?
Yes.
Now that I think about it,
it was easy to notice.
I just thought...
you were good to Young Min
because of your loyalty to me.
I guess I trusted you too much.
I guess I trusted you too much
as well.
For a long time,
I thought you would...
view him favorably someday.
So...
where is the real Young Min?
He's dead.
Did he die,
or did you kill him?
He died. It was an accident.
Okay.
Daddy.
Will you ruin your life
because of a son...
you didn't even raise yourself?
Come in.
Did you suggest investigating
the Odong Blowfish House case?
I have nothing on
the Odong Blowfish House...
except for the autopsy report.
But I have some evidence of
Chairwoman Gook instigating murder.
Recent cases are...
Mr. Choi...
and Baek Kyung.
It's your turn to decide.
Will you continue stabbing me
in the back,
or will you behave yourself,
and keep quiet?
So who else knows about
Gook Su Ran's story?
No one knows yet.
I'll tell people
when I'm sure of it.
Your real identity could be
discovered.
That would be a problem,
but I also feel uncomfortable...
lying to Inspector Park
about who I really am.
Lie about what?
I mean, Jang Pil Sung.
I think we were tricked.
How?
I think Gook Su Ran took him.
That's why you took Jang Pil Sung.
The more the better.
Lee Kwang Ho's enemies.
Gosh, some nerve.
Should we go after Gook Su Ran then?
That won't do any good.
You won't be able to find her
any time soon anyway.
Gook Su Ran. Jang Pil Sung.
Both aren't easy opponents.
(Episode 30 will air shortly.)